Clarify use of `Arc` in shared state (#221)
actix/actix-website: content/docs/extractors.md

{{< include-example example="request-handlers" file="main.rs" section="data" >}}

Although this handler will work, `data.count` will only count the number of requests

> handled *by each thread*. To count the number of total requests across all threads,

Author: Not sure if "by each thread" is confusing. I could also say:
```suggestion
handled by the thread that has that particular clone of the application state. To count the number of total requests across all threads,
```
or something (with some re-ordering so the lines aren't too long).

Reviewer: @robjtede --^ thoughts?

Reviewer 2: this version is fine imo

[bytesexample]: https://docs.rs/actix-web/3/actix_web/trait.FromRequest.html#example-4
[payloadexample]: https://docs.rs/actix-web/3/actix_web/web/struct.Payload.html
[actix]: https://actix.github.io/actix/actix/
[atomics]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/sync/atomic/

> [shared_mutable_state]: ../application#shared-mutable-state

Author: Is this the right way to make this link? It worked locally but I'm not sure if there's a better way

Reviewer: I think this should be fine.
